 
---
title: "Friends"
catogories:
    - poem
tags:
    - poem
---
Friends
By: Rhea Nair

When a new school year just began  
The best thing to have is a friend!

Good traits you should look for in a friend
Loyalty, compassion, the list never ends!

When you are feeling out of the blue 
A friend can help you feel the most true!

When a place is dark your friend is the light,
To the table the legs hold you up will all their might!

Friends are the value that care about you 
They help you fix mistakes, even the hard ones too!

A good friend is rare as they stay as treasure
They bring happiness and joyful pleasure

You want a friend to talk to and laugh with
On the calendar plan it out, maybe on the fifth!

Friendship is like a string
To always tie us back together again!

When you need a motivational lift
The push is friendship’s gift!

Friends are someone to treasure the most 
A key for friendship is to keep very close!

A friend can appear as much as you need
A good partner for help guaranteed!



A friend will always care
But a true friend will always be standing there!

A true friend will stick close together and the line will never end
Some bumpy roads will go up and down, but they never bend!

A friend's eye is a good mirror 
To reflect the good, make it clearer!

“A shoulder to cry on” my friend would say
To list my worries out of my mind and let them fly away!

Friends bring out the best in us 
There is no need for time to adjust! 

Why you want to have a friend you may ask?
They boost your energy level and happiness, it’s just a simple task! 

Friendship is like sunshine
Each and everyone of your friends are kind!

A friend gives help when your spirits are low 
They always will know the right place to go!

A friend will always understand 
Who you are and who I am!

A friend can just be written as a name
But it can also be more than just a game!

Hold on to friends, never let go
They can be fast even when you want to go slow!

This is a great friend of mine 
Our friendship was something destined to find!

In the poem at the end
I found a heart in my friend again!
